welcome ladies and gentlemen to the
world's first black ops 2 boat action i
am your host jericho and today i'm gonna
be giving you an overview of what you
can expect to buy if you purchase this
boat today first off we got a nice
aerial view here and we can see one
helicopter one helicopter pad and two
extra boats because why the fuck not
sometimes you get tired of being in your
multi-million dollar yacht so you want
to sit inside your million-dollar yacht
that's on top of your multi-million
dollar yacht it's rich people logic okay
now if you want to take the time to look
in front of you you'll see two sets of
very beautiful lion pillows made out of
one hundred percent real lion now rest
assured that the main that forgot to
clean up these pillows and put them in
their correct spots has since been
killed but either way we've installed
three flags on your million-dollar yacht
so your kids can play rich people
capture the flag why is it called rich
people capture the flag because fuck
poor people that's why as we continue
our tour please observe the one hundred
percent hardwood floors across the boat
we had to venture deep into the planet
of Pandora and kill hundreds of Navi in
order to get the wood from their sacred
tree so you appreciate it because that
shit was hard to do if you're worrying
about what you're gonna be dining on
every night don't we literally stole the
best chefs in Italy and threatened to
kill their families if they didn't come
aboard usually dinner consists of steak
and playboy models and for dessert you
can indulge on a bacon-wrapped dinosaur
egg another great feature of the boat is
that it comes with a full laundry room
but you're never gonna need to step foot
in there because you have cervix now on
to the one of those popular features of
the yacht is its hot tub it seats four
to six adults a max temperature of 106
degrees Fahrenheit and the tub is
actually filled with the tears of
children it's a great spot to relax set
loose a bunch of homeless people on your
yacht just so you can kill them from the
comfort of your hot tub like this
gentleman and you can see there are cup
holders for your drinks but if you buy
now we'll hire eight people who don't
even speak English specifically to hold
your drink for you what a bargain well I
think that's all the time we have to
show you the boat folks but if you buy
now I promise to slash the price in half
that is correct
only 16 easy payments of 2.2 million
dollars or one like in favorite that's
right i'm selling a boat for one like
and favorite that's how YouTube works
anyway say you guys are watching my name
is Jericho if you enjoyed please let me
know any way you'd like and I will talk
to you guys later